All right, so hey there and welcome
to a very exciting
new section on system design.
So in this particular section
we are going to master
the fundamentals of system design.
We are going to see how
in real world these servers work.
What is a server?
What is your scaling?
What are different,
different scaling policies?
What is vertical scaling?
What is horizontal scaling?
How do systems work at a scale?
What are queue systems?
What is pubnub and how these
systems, how these all the
components of system design work
together to become a robust
system, how Your Netflix and
YouTube works at that much scale
and how even this platform where
you are watching this video is
getting delivered to you.
This particular section is really,
really, really important for all
the beginners because this is
where you actually get the gist of
all the system design components
and what is happening behind the
scenes.
So I welcome you to this very
interesting section
of system design and with that,
let's start with the section.